Professional Microsoft SQL Server 2012 Reporting Services Chapter 4-5 or Pages 95-142:

Chapter 4:

Use SELECT * FROM vSalesDetails instead of SELECT * FROM vSalesByTimeAndTerritory

Each report has 3 components. A data source, a dataset, and a data region. The source is the database. The set is
the queries needed to generate a report, and the region is the data organized in a readable way. The data region is
also referred to as a matrix report.

Views are a useful method to store datasets persistently.

@@@ Windows Reporting Services @@@

Windows Reporting Services uses either Native mode, or SharePoint mode.

First right click on Data Sources, and add a data source. The build button can be used to build a connection string.
The computer name, ., or LocalHost can be substituted for the current system when needed.

Chapter 5:

(This report was done as a mix of following along and taking notes)

Table reports exist as do Matrix reports. A table report is more of a list, and a matrix can have overlaying fields
to place relevant fields closer together.

List reports are similar to a generic invoice.

Chart reports visualize data in a way that would be presentable in a meeting, and easier to consume at a glance.

Gauge reports are graphical, and useful for presenting immediacy. It can be used to show the "fullness" of 
something, or to represent a comparison.

Map reports allow geographic plotting. There are also standard XY plots.

Grouping items allows collapsing them, and sorting them as well as conditions.

Number/Text formatting is just like Microsoft Word and/or Excel, and has a lot of the same styling features.
Clicking the text box property using right click allows for a more streamline, and organized way to review
each option.

Interactive sort can be used to dynamically update the field values in either ascending or descending order.

Page breaks can be added by right clicking the upper left hand corner of the tablix and using properties.

Creating group hierarchies allows visibility toggling.

Formatting is mostly static, but there are options for expressive formatting that allows items to change
based on logic or thresholds.

Exporting projects can be done in various ways. Noteable outputs are Excel, and HTML.